Make pytest.skip work in doctest (#4927)
pytest-dev/pytest: changelog/4911.feature.rst

> Doctest can be now skipped dynamically with `pytest.skip`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Doctests can be skipped now dynamically using ``pytest.skip()``.
```
